Welcome to our World of Warcraft mini-guide dedicated to Hunter Survival.
This video offers a quick overview of everything you need to know
to start playing a level 90 Survival Hunter.
Hunter Survival uses focus as the primary resource.
The latter self-regulates slowly, but you can acccelerate it with Cobra Shot
when you do not have enough resources to use more powerful techniques.
Before the fight, summon your pet
with Pet Call, or Resuscitate the Pet, if necessary.
In combat, spend your focus as soon as possible
in one of your three main techniques.
The most important is Explosive Shot, which deals the highest damage
so as soon as it is available, launch it immediately.
Then there is Black Arrow, a pretty powerful effect over time
which also has a chance to trigger Ready to shoot, which allows you to launch
immediately three consecutive explosive shots.
Use Black Arrow as long as possible.
Otherwise, use your focus for Arcane Shot. Just make sure
keep enough focus for Explosive Shot or Black Arrow as soon as they are available.
You will have to learn a lot more to really master this character,
but we hope that these tips will have put you on the right track.
Once the basics have been learned,
Spend a little time browsing through your spelling book, your talents and your glyphs
to discover the techniques that we have not discussed here.
Thank you for having followed us and see you soon in Draenor!